I spent most of the dream feeling very stressed about moving things out of the townhouse I used to live in with my parents. most of our belongings were in the house still and they did not seem to care that it was getting left behind. I saw my old neighbors outside, george and nicola, and apologized to them for being bad neighbors. They said they didn't have bad feelings towards me but that my parents were awful. She started showing me videos of the delivery of some insanely gigantic equipment right at the end of deer hill circle where I used to live.

My mom had installed fish tank like tubes into the walls of the stairwells and I felt desperate to save all the bluegills that were living in them. I can remember going into my room and searching through them.

I remember getting rides and staying at other people's houses, including emily shackleford and molly mahaffey. Nothing was negative about these experiences and they seemed genuine in their intention to help me during this time. I can specifically remember Molly talking about lifting weights and how her partner peer pressured her into color matching all of her snowboarding gear which was ironic based on her past relationships. 

The dream ended in a hamburger shop in Baltimore on '6th' street where some aggravating blue collar types were harassing me. Everyone we were sitting with was telling me not to move to the beach and asking me what job I would do. One of the blue collar guys came up to me and I mocked him for discoloration on his face and took his hat off. I challenged him to hit me and he tried and missed in a way that was embarrassingly slow. He left and so did my friends, leaving me around a group of shady but unthreatening characters. 