I was visiting Andrew in Baltimore but his house was different, it was a decrepit building that was literally falling apart and less than half of the structure remained. We had to crawl across the upper parts of the house that were totally exposed to the elements across old paint cans and stacks of books, and parts of the building were swaying, crumbling, and falling away as we climbed around. I told him eventually that I was uncomfortable being up there and wanted to stay somewhere else, and I felt bad about this like I was shaming him about the state of his house. 

Eventually we started walking around the streets of Baltimore at night and it felt really dangerous and I did not want to be there. My friend Aaron was there and Ashlee was there in a vague sense - I knew she was nearby but I don't remember interacting with her.

We were at an intersection and a group of guys came up to me and asked for my backpack. I told them I only had some old clothing in there but they pulled out a gun and forcefully took the bag. They dumped it onto the street and mocked me for my clothing before leaving. I packed the clothes up and started to flee the area. I realized Ashlee was not there and called her, she answered and I started to head in the direction that she indicated.

The houses around me were in a great state of decay, missing walls and the roof, some of them had large fires burning inside them. A small skinny young man came up to me and asked me if I was going to come with him. He had strange eye makeup and a soft voice. He asked me multiple times if I was gay and if I wanted to pay to have sex with his friends and I politely told him I wasn't interested and I wasn't gay multiple times as he followed me down the street. 

We continued leaving the area and eventually I realized I was alone and the lighting had changed, making everything slightly brighter like a very overcast day or during a thunderstorm. Another guy approached me and said he would help figure out where I was, implying by tone that I would pay for this in some way. I declined and said I was good but he followed me and could tell by my behavior that I was unfamiliar with the area. We were walking through the city and he continued to make comments about how he knew I was lost. 

I don't remember who gave it to me or if I bought it, but I know that I picked up a 6 pack of coca colas right before this guy started following me. At some point we entered a decaying building with no remaining roof and when we got in there, he opened all 6 of the sodas I was carrying in a sort of prank. I was pissed and told him that was really disrespectful, and he said 'I know'. I told him I don't even like soda and dumped the entire pack onto his head and body. I immediately knew this was a mistake because he had a gun and was threatening in general. 

He started yelling to some guys on the street who began to follow me out of the house. I started walking down the sidewalk and the guy was behind me walking me in a mocking way. I started running faster than what seemed humanly possible and he was following me without issue. I saw this chase from third person as if it were a side scrolling video game, and the guy was morphing into a cartoonish beast that didn't maintain a consistent form. It reminded me of Venom from Spider Man - which I don't really know anything about other than his appearance. While this was happening - I remember knowing that it wasn't a serious threat and thought the whole chase was somewhat amusing.

I ran from this guy until I entered a skyscraper lobby - the Venom guy was gone and I was with Andrew and Aaron again. When I entered the building, my friends were laughing at me like 'oh man, he doesn't even know about this place or what's about to happen!'. I entered the huge lobby which reminded me of a mall food court with little restaurants and shops lining the octagon shaped area. although it was a skyscraper, there was seemingly no way upwards.

I then noticed what my friends were laughing about. There were needles all over the floor of the building. Sewing needles and pins, hypodermic needles, and other pointy objects. There were also children running around through the needle areas poking people with pins and saying 'oops'. I somehow realized that all of these needles were contaminated with HIV or other diseases. I started running through the building - everyone around me had boots or thick shoes but I was in Crocs. I felt really scared but I knew I was getting poked through my shoes and the children got me a few times.

I tried to escape through the other side and on my way through the building there were people shoving pins into their faces in a decorative way and I even saw two men mockingly lay down in the needles, rolling around in them and laughing at me. It seemed like the people in here were intentionally trying to scare me. I eventually left and when I did, someone texted me a link to a page about how that building actually didn't have any diseases and the needle thing is some sort of art project. I felt relieved in some way but not too reassured.

I can vaguely recall the end of this dream, where I was walking back to Andrew's house with him and Aaron, and they were laughing about the experience I just had from start to finish. I didn't see Ashlee throughout the entirety of the dream. I woke up in real life around midnight and that was the end as far as I can remember.