Woke up feeling cold although throughout the night I felt pretty hot.  I have been waking up around 2:30 am nearly every night for the past few days, beat, hit the vape, and returned to sleep.  Lessening my weed consumption as time goes on.  Woke up to Ashlee leaving for therapy, I woke up and began cleaning the kitchen.  Did the dishes and put the clean ones away, forgot to feed the cats until nearly 9:15am but they didn't seem to care much.  After that Ashlee came back, she made some breakfast and we watched an episode of Montanabama shore.  Shortly after that I sucked up fruit flies from the bin and hopped on the PC to start converting my notes to #markdown.  Ended up doing that for 5 hours worth of #Pomodoro timers, feeling slightly guilty about being inactive and spending so much time on the computer, but at this point I am just trying to slog through it to move on to focusing on my #Aplus certificates.  The indexing and tagging and linking for each document is working as a refresher for all the content I need to know. So far it's been 26 hours of learning #Obsidian  and converting all my #professormesser notes to #markdown language.  Feeling pretty fazed and exhausted from converting [011 An Overview of Windows](011%20An%20Overview%20of%20Windows.md) alllllll the way to [031 Troubleshooting Solutions](031%20Troubleshooting%20Solutions.md) which was a LOT of content to cover. Haven't showered in a few days and certainly neglecting my physical health in order to maximize computer time, which feels weird but is temporary. I feel building pressure to get the cert and get a job so that I don't squander my incoming inheritance from my grandma.  Still haven't reapplied for medicaid, feeling pretty stressed out about it and continue to procrastinate.  Seeing John in the morning and unsure about what topics I should discuss during our session.