# Physical Security 2.1

### Building Security

#### Access Control Vestibule

An *Access Control Vestibule* is a way to **limit the amount of entries into a secured area.**  These systems also **prevent people from accidentally entering a private area.**  There are several variants of this style of physical defense:

**All doors unlocked** – when one door is opened, all others lock, sealing the individual in one room and requiring additional steps to progress further. 

**All doors locked** – unlocking one door will prevent all others from being unlocked.

**One locked / One unlocked** – if one door is open, the other must be closed and locked.

***MAYBE REVISE THIS ONE SEEMS KINDA WRONG IDK***

#### Badge Readers

*Badge Readers* are common access methods at technology centers.  Magnetic swipe, #RFID, and #NFC style devices are the most common form of #badge technology. Badges may have additional uses, such as **for clocking in, monitoring security checks, and accessing interior and exterior doors.**

*Badge Reader* cards typically have an RFID or similar chip and #antenna placed within the material of the card.

#### CCTV

*Closed Circuit Television* ( #CCTV) is used to **monitor the grounds of a technology center.**  This may be a large #network of cameras and may have advanced features such as **motion detection, object identification, license plate recognition, face scanning, and night vision.**  *Motion detection* is used in less trafficked areas and may use passive #infrared or radio reflection ( #RF) technologies to surveil the area.

#### Alarm Systems

*Alarm Systems* are also commonly used.  There are three types:

- *Circuit-based systems* **monitor when a door, window, or gate is opened.** 

- *Motion Detection* senses the presence of a physical body.

- *Duress systems* are **activated when a user engages with them,** like a fire alarm.

#### Door Lock Systems

- Conventional Lock and Key

- Deadbolt

- Electronic entry via #PIN or other metric.

- Token-based via #RFID badge, magnetic swipe, or #NFC devices.

- #Biometric using palm, retina, or fingerprint scanning technology.

- Multi-factor authentication ( #MFA) requiring multiple modes of verification.

#### Securing Hardware

*Data Center hardware* is often **locked up in special racks that are designed to secure technology** while properly ventilating the heat generated by it.

#### Staff

*Security Guards* are present at many of these facilities to **provide physical protection and validate the entering guests.** They often **administer ID badges** that must be worn and presented at all times. They **maintain an access list and visitor log** for all known visitors and guests.

#### Barriers

*Barricades and Bollards* are used to **physically inhibit entry for vehicles or to channel people to a specific point.**  They also protect the people and buildings from cars on the premises.  Sometimes moats and very large planters are used to beautify these defensive measures.

*Fences* may be employed, and they may have **razor wire or additional defenses** to prevent people from penetrating the fence.  They will be difficult to cut and may be transparent or opaque depending on your security needs.

### Related:
- [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-1102/220-1102-video/physical-security-220-1102/ "Professor Messer A+ Guide")
- [CompTIA](https://www.comptia.org/ "CompTIA Homepage")
- [CompTIA A+ with James Messer](CompTIA%20A+%20with%20James%20Messer.md)
- [026 Security Best Practices](026%20Security%20Best%20Practices.md)

#study #professormesser #comptia #Aplus #security 