# Obfuscation

Obfuscation is the act of taking something easy to understand and intentionally making it difficult to understand. This information is still able to be deciphered if you understand how to interpret it - it is like hiding information in plain sight. 

### Steganography

Steganography is Greek for 'concealed writing' and refers to when data is stored within an image. This means that an image is presented with no allusion to containing data, but if someone is aware that the image contains data, they are able to extract it.

This is considered a method of 'security through obscurity' where the message appears invisible, but it is presented within the image.

#### Printers and Networks

Steganography is not limited to images. There are network based methods where messages are imbedded within TCP packets. Printers also imbed a watermark onto printings that identify the printer that produced the images printed on the paper.

#### Audio and Video

Steganography can also apply to audio and video. When used in audio, files are modified to contain secret messages that are interlaced within the audio track.

Video Steganography uses a sequence of images or a signal to noise ratio to conceal hidden messages. This is a method that allows for concealment of a great amount of potential information.

#### Tokenization

Tokenization refers to the replacement of sensitive data with non-sensitive placeholders. This is commonly implemented in credit card transactions where a temporary token is issued during payment and an attacker cannot capture the true credentials for the card used. This is NOT considered encryption or hashing as the token issued has no mathematical relationship to the card.

This means that when you use your phone to pay for groceries via #NFC, sometimes you will notice that the credit card number on the receipt is not actually your true card number. This is because it is the token number generated by the phone, which is passed to a remote token service server that interprets it.

When the token is received by the merchant, the merchant contacts the remote token service server to reverse lookup the token and associate it with your card information. The token used for the transaction will be discarded at this point and a new token will be generated for the next transaction.

#### Covertext

The covertext is the containing document or file used in the steganographic process.

### Data Masking

Data Masking refers to when you get a receipt printout and most of your credit card number is obfuscated except for the last four digits. This is enough information for people familiar with the card number to identify it, but not enough for a threat actor to acquire the card data. This data may be blocked out, encrypted, substituted or otherwise obfuscated.

### Related:
- [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-1101/220-1101-video/220-1101-laptop-hardware/ "Professor Messer A+ Guide")
- [CompTIA](https://www.comptia.org/ "CompTIA Homepage")
- [CompTIA Security+ Certification](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security 'link to the official page for the security+ certification')
- [1.4 Obfuscation](https://www.professormesser.com/security-plus/sy0-701/sy0-701-video/obfuscation-sy0-701/ 'link to professor messer video for Obfuscation')
- #study #professormesser #comptia #SecurityPlus 