# Encryption Technologies

There are a variety of technologies in hardware and software that is used for encrypting data.

### Trusted Platform Module

A Trusted Platform Module ( #TPM) can be found on most modern motherboards and is a piece of hardware that performs cryptographic functions for the device. It features a cryptographic processor that has a random number generator and a key generator.

The TPM has persistent memory, which means that it has unique keys burned into it during manufacturing that cannot be erased.  

TPMs also feature versatile memory that can hold storage keys, hardware configuration information, and store full disk encryption keys for applications like BitLocker. These devices are protected by passwords and cannot be accessed by threat actors to gain access to your encryption keys.

### Hardware Security Module 

Hardware Security Modules ( #HSM) are conceptually similar to TPMs but are more powerful and designed for enterprise environments. They rely on clusters and have redundant power supplies to ensure availability at all times. 

They use powerful cryptographic hardware in the form of plug-in cards or standalone devices that can generate thousands of keys and store them. They have key backup on this hardware and use cryptographic accelerators to offload CPU overhead from other devices on the network.

### Key Management System

There are a variety of key management systems and they may be located on premises or via cloud. They manage all organization keys with a centralized management system that is often integrated via software. 

These devices keep keys separate from the data they decrypt. Conveniently they allow for management from a single location and can create a variety of keys for different protocols and services, while also rotating the keys and associating them with specific users and events. They even offer logging and monitoring of key use and generation via dashboards.

### Secure Enclave

Most of our private data is kept physically close to us on mobile devices and home networks. These devices are often the target of threat actors and more security implementations are required as attack methods become more advanced.

The Secure Enclave is a protected area for our private information. The enclave exists within hardware processors that are kept isolated from the main processing unit on the device.

The Secure Enclave is a secondary processor with the following features:

- has it's own boot ROM
- Monitors boot system processes
- True Random Generator
- Real-time memory encryption
- Root Cryptographic Keys
- Performs #AES encryption within hardware


### Related:
- [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-1101/220-1101-video/220-1101-laptop-hardware/ "Professor Messer A+ Guide")
- [CompTIA](https://www.comptia.org/ "CompTIA Homepage")
- [CompTIA Security+ Certification](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security 'link to the official page for the security+ certification')
- [1.4 Encryption Technology](https://www.professormesser.com/security-plus/sy0-701/sy0-701-video/encryption-technologies-sy0-701/ 'link to professor messer video for Encryption Technology')
- #study #professormesser #comptia #SecurityPlus 