# Encrypting Data

Encrypting data at rest is performed to protect data located on storage devices. This means encoding physical devices like SSDs, HDDs, USB drives, and cloud technology. 

Full disk encryption refers to using applications like BitLocker or FileVault to secure all of the data and files on a given device.

Individual file encryption can be performed by Windows Encrypting File System ( #EFS) or other third party utilities for Windows, Linux, or other operating systems. This is possible under the 'Advanced Attributes' window on Microsoft devices.

### Database Encryption

Database encryption protects the data held within the database as well as the data that is transferred to and from it. 

#### Transparent Encryption

Transparent Encryption refers to all of the database information being encrypted with a symmetric key. 

#### Record-Level Encryption

Record-Level Encryption refers to the encryption of individual columns within the database, where each column would require a unique symmetric key to access that resource. This is used in the case where some of the data stored in the database is publicly available, while others must be protected by encryption.

### Transport Encryption

Transport Encryption refers to protecting data as it travels across a network. Right now, your browser is using #HTTPS to encrypt the data being communicated from your client to a server.

Virtual Private Networks ( #VPN) create a tunnel that encrypts all data that is transmitted through it. This protects all data on the network regardless of the application being used. There are client-based VPNs that use #SSL / #TLS as well as site-to-site VPNs that use #IPsec.

### Algorithms

Algorithms are formulas that are developed to encode and then decode data. There are a very large number of these available, and any can be used as long as the sending and receiving party agree on which algorithm they will be using. Details about this are often not available to the users, they simply know which algorithm to use.

Different algorithms offer different levels of security, speed, and complexity of implementation. Some favor very fast application while other favor very secure methods of encryption.

There are #DES and #AES variants of encryption algorithms. Consistency matters when choosing which you'd prefer in a given instance, you must use the same one for encoding and decoding data.

### Cryptographic Keys

Most algorithms are publicly presented and the whole process is documented openly. This actually reinforces the security of the keys generated. Everything about the process is usually known except for individual key data. Although we know how the algorithm works, we are not able to reverse engineer it under any circumstance.

The key determines the output - the encrypted data, hash value, or digital signature will be secure as long as it does not fall into the wrong hands.

#### Analogy

You can think of the algorithm being known to that of a door lock. We know what a door lock looks like, we know a key goes inside, we know the mechanism that allows the lock to work, but we still do not know the key that will unlock the door.

### Key Length

Larger keys tend to be more secure and can deter or prevent brute-force attacks. 

Most symmetric encryption now relies on 128-bit keys, which are considered pretty secure in modern times. 

Asymmetric encryption can generate very large keys, with 3,072 bit keys becoming increasingly popular as more powerful processors become available.

### Key Stretching

Key Stretching is the act of performing encryption on a password or hash multiple times. This means that an attacker would have to decrypt several times in order to determine the correct original data set.

### Related:
- [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-1101/220-1101-video/220-1101-laptop-hardware/ "Professor Messer A+ Guide")
- [CompTIA](https://www.comptia.org/ "CompTIA Homepage")
- [CompTIA Security+ Certification](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security 'link to the official page for the security+ certification')
- [1.4 Encrypting Data](https://www.professormesser.com/security-plus/sy0-701/sy0-701-video/encrypting-data-sy0-701/ 'link to professor messer video for Encrypting Data')
- #study #professormesser #comptia #SecurityPlus 