# Technical Change Management

Technical Change Management refers to change management from the perspective of technicians on staff of the organization. The technical staff will be the team that deploys the changes and execute the plan. Although an upgrade may seem simple, when dealing with large networks for an entire organization, this could be a lot of moving parts that must be tackled in smaller pieces.

### Allow Lists

Allow and Deny lists are used to limit or approve the applications that are accepted by a security policy. Any application could pose potential threat via vulnerabilities, trojan horses, or other malware like ransomware. 

The allow list can control the execution privileges of applications, restricting access and requiring approval. 

The deny list will block any named application from executing.

### Restricted Activities

It should be noted that change approval is limited and not all things can be modified during the change window. There is a specific scope of change that will limit the amount of items that can be modified. It is possible that the limits imposed during the change window can be modified to allow other changes to occur if necessary. 

### Downtime

Changes and updates mean that certain services will inevitably become unavailable. Since the process of change is often disruptive, it is usually scheduled during non-production hours. If they must occur during production hours, oftentimes a secondary system will be used while the primary system is updated. 

Downtime should be minimized as much as possible to maintain productivity. The backout plan should also be known and ready to be implemented in case something goes wrong.

### Restarts

Restarts are often required to implement new configurtations via OS reboots, power cycling, or bouncing services. This is also a good time to identify whether the system can recover from a power outage. 

Services may need to stopped and restarted, which can be done though Windows Task Manager, Windows Services, or Linux Daemon management tools. Restarting services can usually be done very quickly.

### Legacy Applications

Legacy software is no longer supported by the developer and may be confusing or risky to update. Many users may be unfamiliar with how this software works and documentation may need to be developed for handling this technology with special instructions for keeping it in tact and operational. 

### Dependencies

Dependencies can complicate updating and deployment of changes because when you modify one thing, this might require modification of other things. 

This might mean a service that won't start unless other services are active or an application requires updating to the library it is using. Sometimes components will need to be restarted after configurational changes and this can be difficult to identify and implement.

Dependencies might cross multiple systems and modifying your firewall might mean that something else now does not work as it previously did.

### Documentation

Documentation often needs to be updated when systems are updated or changes are deployed. This could mean updating diagrams when network configurations are modified, changing addresses, and keeping documents current with changes as they are deployed.

Newly implemented applications will need new processes and procedures documentation.

### Version Control

Version Control allows us to monitor changes to files, applications, and configurations over time. This can apply to hardware configurations, OS and application patching, and changes to the registry.

Some technology has built-in version control, while other aspects might require additional care and concern to implement version control.


### Related:
- [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-1101/220-1101-video/220-1101-laptop-hardware/ "Professor Messer A+ Guide")
- [CompTIA](https://www.comptia.org/ "CompTIA Homepage")
- [CompTIA Security+ Certification](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security 'link to the official page for the security+ certification')
- [1.3 Technical Change Management](https://www.professormesser.com/security-plus/sy0-701/sy0-701-video/technical-change-management-sy0-701/ 'link to professor messer video for Technical Change Management')
- #study #professormesser #comptia #SecurityPlus 