# Change Management

Change management dictates how changes are made within an organization. This might apply to upgrades, patches, configurational changes, or hardware modifications. These all must have a formal process and documentation to ensure that changes are recorded and known to the groups that use them.

### Formal Process

Having a formal process can reduce confusion, downtime, and delays in an organization - although these policies are difficult to implement due to resistance or lack of concern from employees. Policies should document frequency of change, duration, installation occurrences, and rollback procedures in case something goes awry.

### Approval Process

The approval process consists of: 

- Completing request forms 
- Determining a purpose for the requested changes
- Identifying the scope of the changes
- Scheduling a date and time for changes
- Determining the impact and systems affected
- Evaluating risk associated with these changes
- Getting approval from the change control board
- Getting end-user acceptance from completed changes

### Ownership

The individual that makes a change is the owner of the process, although they often do not perform the change themselves. The owner will manage the process and ensure that it is followed and acceptable to staff. 

In the example of printers needing to be upgraded for shipping and receiving, this would make Shipping and Receiving the owners of the process, although the IT department would perform the change.

### Stakeholders

Stakeholders are the organization members that will be affected by a given change. Stakeholders go beyond the obvious answers and can affect a wide range of individuals or a single member.

In the example of upgrading printers for the shipping and receiving department, this means that shipping and receiving will obviously be affected, but there are other groups as well. Accounting will have to write reports, IT will have to implement the changes, and revenue may be affected by the downtime caused by the upgrade - this would affect the CEO or CFO and implicate them as stakeholders.

### Impact Analysis

Impact analysis means determining the risk level of performing a change, but also the risks associated with NOT performing a change. There will be a high, medium, or low level of risk associated with the change and what will be affected by it. 

Maybe the fix doesn't work or breaks something currently working. Maybe operating systems end up in a state of conflict or data is corrupted. Maybe if no change is made, an existing security vulnerability remains or applications become unavailable causing downtime.

### Test Results

Tests can be performed in sandboxed environments to simulate the changes before they are truly implemented. This allows the change to be examined without actually affecting the network or systems. This allows members to test the changes before deployment or confirm a backout plan that allows systems and environments to be restored to their previous states.

### Backout Plan

A backout plan is a way to revert to a previous state and restore files that previously existed. Having a method of returning to previous states is vital as major problems can occur after deployment, and some changes can be very difficult to revert once implemented.

### Maintenance Window

The maintenance window determines when changes will be implemented based on the activity within an organization. If the office is closed on a weekend, this is often a time where IT will be required to deploy changes. During the middle of a workday or throughout a particularly busy season is often a time when changes cannot be easily deployed.

### Standard Operating Procedures

Change management is critical to the operating procedures of any organization and affects most members of the organization as well. This process must be well documented and all employees should have access to this documentation through the orgnazation's intranet.

### Related:
- [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-1101/220-1101-video/220-1101-laptop-hardware/ "Professor Messer A+ Guide")
- [CompTIA](https://www.comptia.org/ "CompTIA Homepage")
- [CompTIA Security+ Certification](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security 'link to the official page for the security+ certification')
- [1.3 Change Management](https://www.professormesser.com/security-plus/sy0-701/sy0-701-video/change-management-sy0-701/ 'link to professor messer video for Change Management')
- #study #professormesser #comptia #SecurityPlus 