Woke up feeling a bit cold again, woke up a few minutes before my alarm for 6:45am to prepare for therapy.  Browsed Reddit for a bit and had some food before I headed to therapy.  When I got there I felt unsure of myself, doubting my decision to increase therapy frequency, and somewhat reluctant to see John because I didn't have a concrete subject for our session.  We talked about how even when I imagine interacting with my other identities, I see them as separate and I struggle to feel like they're integrated into myself.  I felt a fuzziness of dissociation while exploring this and even now I feel like it's hard to pin down what I was thinking and feeling at the time.  We discussed how I struggle to recognize when other identities are present, even during session when I was not noticing that a 'doubting' version of me was present.  We talked about how I DO NOT have control of each identity and that they often leave my HOST or other identities to be accountable for their actions.  I used to be VERY sure of myself and confident in my knowledge to a point where I KNEW I was right - now a doubting version is present much more often and that exceedingly sure self is not around as much.  We noticed that Marc is very sure of himself and very doubting of everyone else and all other situations that are out of his control.  I know this is within me as well but I have definitely modified this over time.  There is also this idea that when I feel enthusiastic about something, I should search for any identities that DO NOT agree with the enthusiasm, explore why, ask what they need, and ask them to leave the room if they don't like something.  I need to realize that when I don't like something, it is a temporary state and that just like being too cold and tolerating it, I can do the same thing with uncomfortable emotions.  I ALSO DO NOT HAVE TO RECOGNIZE AND ADDRESS MY RESPONSES IN THE MOMENT, ALTHOUGH THIS IS THE IDEAL WAY.  I can start to react, stop, recognize my emotions, and put them on hold til I get to a safe place where I can manage them and talk myself through the situation.  Identifying and recognizing these moments and changing the way I react to them is a SKILL that I am ALREADY improving over time.  OVerall my session was useful and productive, slightly confusing, conceptual, and dissociative, but I learned a lot and had multiple breakthrough moments as described above.  When I got home, spent time to myself as ashlee was quiet, watched some youtube vids while I had some soup, then started working with my Obsidian files for 3.5 hours until I FINALLY finished converting 136 files to markdown.  This took 29 hours of pomodoro timers, including learning Obsidian.  It felt awesome to be able to work in a flowstate for many days and crunching out this amount of work felt good.  I feel confident in my ability to pass these tests with some practice and study.  I DO NOT feel confident about getting another shitty job for now to hold me over until I am certified and applying to real positions.  John told me since i feel confident to study but not confident about getting a job, I should study how to get a job and how to apply to medicaid lol. 