Had a very rough night of sleep, was awake from 1:30am - 4am or so, smoked some weed, beat, got in bed, got back out of bed, browsed reddit for most of this time.  Tried listening to a podcast.  Woke up feeling cold and exhausted, sleeping in the sun room without insulating the windows has it about 55 degrees Fahrenheit, feels like camping.  Had a slow and anxious morning, ashlee went to work very early.  EJ contacted me around 8:20 saying he was available to chat.  By 8:50 I saw his messages and got on discord.  We talked about version control, I downloaded VScode and another app.  Thru VS code I was able to see all of my files before submitting to version control.  It shows active status' of each file, if they're staged, and convenient GUI for submitting, pushing, and pulling commits.  We messed with that for awhile while discussing other aspects of work, salaries, job hunting, etc.  I logged into my github and was able to successfully publish my first commits to the site.  We talked for 4 hours, mostly about version control.  We also touched on tailscale, pihole, and password managers like bitwarden and 1password. We finished out talking about survivor, talked about dan pruitt for a few minutes, and I thanked EJ for his time and said it's ben very nice to reconnect and talk for about 10 hours or more since I visited MD.  Messed around with tailscale and booted up my linux laptop for the first time in months. Felt good to get back into some new material.  Avoided weed until 3pm, doing a few vape hits.  About to go to do the dishes and clean up a bit, then maybe set up 1password. 