I haven't written in my journal since mid september.  I started to feel frozen and panicked as soon as I booked the trip to MD.  When the plane tickets were bought, I felt pretty distressed and hyper-fixated on that until well until after my layover weeks later lol.  I felt bothersome and unwanted, and like I was being a burden on all my friends that have 'real' lives, families, serious jobs and responsibilities; I felt like a child who wanted attention. When I was contacting Aaron and Danny, and Andrew to a certain extent, I was feeling annoying and like they weren't excited to have me come visit although their actions and words clearly showed me otherwise.  Another stressor before I went, was a few days before I left, I talked to Darren and made plans to see him immediately before he started using the N-word profusely during our phone call. I pretty much decided in that moment that I wasn't going to see him, which made me feel sad and mad at him, overall very anxious because I knew it would be confusing to him and I didn't want to talk to him directly about it.  

Felt really stressed out about leaving the cats and getting everything ready with the house before leaving.  I spent a good amount of time cleaning up the yard, planting remaining plants, bringing in the house plants that were outside and cleaning those up, mowing, chopping down tall areas.  While I was using the reel mower on the strip of lawn adjacent to Todd's house, he popped out and jokingly asked me if I needed gas, which allowed me a segue to ask for his contact information for emergencies sake.  This was something I was quite stressed about, but I felt reassured talking to him and he seems like a really kind guy.  We have had correspondence since which was nice as well. Cleaned the house extensively and unplugged the ovens and catproofed where we could.

The night before we left was very stressful and panicked feeling for me.  We needed to wake up at 3:30am and I slept through my alarm, which hasn't happened in years to my memory.  I felt really alarmed and stressed immediately.  The whole process of going to the airport, making sure the door was locked, going through security, getting our tickets, etc. was stressful.  I kept checking my bag compulsively, dozens of times,  sometimes an instant after the zipper closed.  Did this what seemed like hundreds of times over the course of multiple flights to Baltimore and back. Easily did it 100+ times.

The plane rides were stressful but in most cases I was seated with Ashlee, a masker, or otherwise polite person.  The noise canceling headphones made a notable improvement of my flights, lowering my stress a lot. Departing from Texas was stressful because at the gate they told me I would have to hand over my carry-on as they were going to check it, I felt confused because this has never happened to me before.  I asked the dude if it was optional, and he curtly said no and took my bag.  

When we landed, I felt pretty calm finally and we called Andrew while we waited at the baggage claim.  There was this girl in all red with hair curls similar to mine, something I have never really seen before.  They looked weird and unnatural, different than how mind occur.  There was also this dude that was probably definitely on stimulants in a tight gray suit, styled hair and sunglasses, rapidly talking into his bluetooth earpiece and looking into the mirrored pillar next to him every 11 seconds to make sure he didn't shapeshift in front of everyone.  Andrew picked us up which felt weird because I haven't seen him in so long.  He drove us to his house with mild aggression and Ashlee and I remained in a daze for at least that night and into the next day.  

  When we got to his house, we met his cats, had dabs and idled in a stunned way for a bit, then headed to Royal Farms to get some fried chicken, greeted by dancing and hollering employees as soon as we walked in. We walked around Highlandtown a bit eating fried chicken. Andrew took us to MobTown brewing, a few blocks from him in Highlandtown. I had some super good pretzel beers, a 'pasta water', Andrew bought a sixer of pretzel guys and Yuengling's then we went back to his house. It felt really nice to walk around the city and have someone else guide me through the city.

I got significantly drunk, we grilled out and made chicken and drank, Ashlee disappeared at some point to go to sleep and I stayed up with MAtt and Andrew til around midnight.  Felt so exasperated and blown, unable to think normally or accomplish much.  

The nest day we went to the National Aquarium which was a really rare experience as it was really unpopulated and we were free to see nearly every exhibit at our own discretion. Touched horseshoe crabs and jellyfish. Likely the most memorable experience I've had at the aquarium, which is always amazing to see. 

On day 3 in baltimore we walked about 8 miles, passing through the city and walking along the waterline for hours. Got a loaf of bread that I carried for nearly that entire time. Was super nice to see andrew and have him as our escort. Later that night we went to mobtown again and met with Danny and Aaron which was really nice. Danny said that Roman just went to the doctor and he told the doctor crazy shit as a joke like "i feel unsafe at home" and "im a girl idk how old i am". Hung out there for a bit before heading to another bar with a french sounding name that I forgot. Old school vibes with a pool table, we had some natty bohs and by this point I was very drunk. When we got back to andrews we smoked a joint on the roof before haphazardly and drunkenly gathering all of our belongings in the middle of the night to ride to kent island with danny. This was totally impromptu and somewhat stressful, we got to KI really late at night and went to sleep quickly.

The next morning we woke up feeling hungover and ashlee was vomiting. I heard the kids around 7:30am along with danny. I slowly emerged from the bedroom and met all of his kids over the next 30m or so. It was certainly really intense and overstimuilating, but cool to finally meet them. We ran some errands to prepare for our night time gathering. This included riding out to bumfuck KI where some tweaker danny knows had us follow him to a super sketchy trailer park with sewing machines in the yard and random babies and rednecks wandering around. Danny said that one of them assaulted him in the past and went to jail for it. Dude gave us the crabs and we got the fuck out of there. We hit the liquor store on the way to the house, where we soon saw Nick and Jordan. Danny started a boiling pot and the grill on the deck and started cooking up the crab feast. Aaron showed up a bit after that. We ate and drank beers for several hours into the night. Kids were annoying and stressing me out but it was great to see everyone in the same setting again. We sat around a fire for a long time until everyone either left or headed to bed. 

The next day I felt extremely overwhelmed by the kids and when I got up I felt myself dissociating and very upset in addition to a severe hangover from conseutive days of drinking. I bypassed most of the people in the house and walked out to the pier where I cried for a half hour. After that I went on a long walk with ashlee around the neighborhood. When we got back danny was looking for a dead animal in the garage while jordan cleaned the air bnb above the garage. played around on some scooters and drift trikes and shit like that for a few hours before heading home with Nick to harford county.

The ride to harford was unremarkable, it was great to finally land at nicks house and have a comfortable and quiet place to crash. I met his cat onyx who is very nice and polite. I think we mainly chilled at nicks house for the day.

rental car
stuck in traffic
wegmans
grammys
