Woke up feeling mentally spent, browsed reddit for a few minutes before jumping into Mario Galaxy for a few hours. Stoked that Henry Kissinger died yesterday. Ashlee asked if she could play Zelda so I shut down the game and got it ready for her. Then we remembered the Wacom pad so I showed her how to set that up. Once it was set up she immediately abandoned it to cook breakfast - really just kicked me off the game console for no reason. I am feeling increasingly annoyed by the mess in the house and how I feel like I am perpetually cleaning up after her and the cats and getting nowhere. Feeling depressed and like I just want to be by myself. Really disliking the weather and keep finding myself sweaty from all the clothes I have to wear now. 

Went to go get my money from amanda at noon. Came home and raked the leaves located where the saturn parks. Had some papusas that ashlee made but she was in a notably irritable mood so I avoided her for the most part. I spent 2.5 hours working through HTB modules and performing some curl requests and header analysis. Eventually switched to working on our home network. I tried plugging the pi-hole directly into the back of the modems second ethernet port and changing config settings, still not working on the wifi. I replaced it and reconfigured it. Tried changing the settings on the router to no avail. Tried creating an access port with the wifi extender via etherne but that wasn't working either. Can't use the home wifi on my phone and was unable to change my phones IP or correct the problem. Eventually I decided to move on from the network after a few hours of no progress to the server, which I also screwed up lol. Somehow fucked up the wired connection and internet is jacked now even after I restored it. Then I decided to chill and try some art with krita. Spent 30m trying to create a desktop shortcut for ubuntu which made me realize how hungry I am and how bad my developing headache is getting. Feeling depressed, microwaved some frozen rice and put reno 9/11 on the tv. 