Woke up around 5:45am this morning feeling okay, beat, then got up and browsed reddit for an hour or so. Felt somewhat stressed out but managable. When Ashlee woke up she seemed really stressed out again, so I was avoidant and had breakfast by myself in the other room. She told me she was stressed because she intended on hanging out with Laura, but Laura turned it into an entire family gathering. I told her that she should just be honest with Laura and tell her that she feels frustrated and stressed about seeing the whole family. I had a panic attack about my health insurance and was considering texting John and telling him I won't be able to afford any more sessions and need to end therapy. Got extremely overwhelmed, called out of work with Amanda, and dissociated into my phone for a few hours. Feeling extremely embarrassed and ashamed that I am not currently able to apply for medicaid. I feel scared and like I'm doing something wrong, and like my family, therapist, and ashlee are all disappointed and annoyed with my lack of competence. A red-breasted nuthatch flew into our living room window this morning and concussed itself. He laid on the ground with a crooked neck for a few minutes and I thought that his neck was broken. I felt sick and sad and very upset. I looked up what to do if a bird crashed into your window. Audubon society says to gently touch the legs and see if rigormortis has set in. If so, report the dead bird. If alive, gently pick them up and place into a calm dark box until they become very active in the box. I petted the bird which is maybe not ideal but I felt better after doing it. The bird stayed stationary for about 15 minutes and did not try to flee when I got close. I finally touched its feet with a gentle stick poke and it flew away in a burst. Eventually managed to do some modules on HackTheBox which made me feel somewhat better. When Ashlee was leaving for work around 1:20pm, I had her drop me off at section 16. I only stopped for a second or two to let someone faster than me pass, but otherwise I completed the 6.75 mile hike in 1h50m making it to the front door of our house. I didn't take much time to observe nature during my run, mainly focused on keeping my heart rate between 140-160 BPM for the majority of the hike. I listened to a single Marc Maron episode. Did a lot of running on my way down. Surprised to see some snow along the second half of the hike, which was a bit treacherous. Got home, sat around and browsed reddit again decompressing, had some salmon and rice before taking a shower. Beat again, put away some dishes, swept the floor, and concluded feeling extremely tired and nearly struggling to stay awake. Not sure what I will do, feeling unenthused about any task or form of entertainment available to me. Ended up working through HTB stuff for 3 hours and chatting with EJ for a bit. Turned out to be a pretty productive day in lieu of my bad morning. When Ashlee got home she told me she was going to pueblo today and that she was stressed out about it. That made me upset and stressed out, we got into an argument and didn't talk for the rest of the night.