4:55pm 

I woke up around 6:30 and stepped in cat vomit within 5 minutes of getting out of bed, but it wasn't too bad and didn't affect me too strongly. Browsed reddit for a bit before making some coffee and getting ready to go to the store. Left the house around 9am to head to Whole Foods to get groceries. The grocery trip was pretty fast, cheap, and easy. Went to Trader Joes afterward which felt like a much longer task. Went to Lowe's and came out empty handed as there was no low-odor caulks available. When we got home I entered cleaning mode pretty soon after. I hit the vape cart a few times, but kept weed use very low until a dab at 4:45 after many hours of productivity. Swept the house twice, mopped for the first time since we got back from Maryland. The floor was so blindingly clean that I was surprised and admired it for a few minutes. I realized I haven't done yoga in so long because the living room has been so disorganized and full of stuff that I haven't felt comfortable in the space for a long time. I feel committed to getting some stuff to a donation center and creating some more space.  After cleaning the floor I went out to get the debris out of the gutters. The East side of the house had about 2 inches of compost in the gutters in addition to hella acorns and new leaves. Spent a long time cleaning them out thoroughly and cleaning up afterward. Swept all the outdoor paths and removed some gopher hills. Came inside quite dirty, showered, then did the dishes - took a really long time. Listened to some records today, listened to some marc maron podcasts. The weather was really nice and I was glad to be outside even if the work was tedious and slightly injurious to my wrist. Feeling slightly anxious after dabbing, after feeling quite calm and focused all day. Feeling a bit more rational and capable in regard to cessation and spending some time totally sober, from weed, sugar, meat, and caffeine specifically as they are my only issues currently. 