Haven't journaled since the 19th - been stuck in a state of stress and anxiety about applying for healthcare and reinstating my insurance for therapy. I spent several days setting up my home network - successfully installed my router and connected the TV, Raspberry Pi, Desktop, and Server to it. Everything worked right away which I was not expecting. The hardest part of establishing the network was setting up the modem and assigning a damn IPv4 manually. struggled to do this for at least an hour and required 3-4 scratch reconfigurations for my modem. Eventually I got that sorted, created a network for IoT devices and hid the broadcast. I spent a bit cleaning and adjusting my Dell 5040 server with I6500 CPU. After cleanup I decided to run with Ubuntu desktop for the OS, which is simple and enjoyable to use. Even the default application download list had some impressive apps like netstat, speed test logging, and pi-hole. I installed casa OS which I have been using for a few days - very easy to use and looks nice too. 

The network and server as a whole will definitely take some fine tuning and many adjustments before they are totally secured and functioning to the standard that I want to obtain. The first night with the server I set up steam Remote Play and that shit blew my mind. It worked for most games although it was struggling through Hogwarts Legacy for sure. Playing on the TV made me change my mind about the steam deck and I loved being able to vacate my desk for the couch. 

The next day or so I set up the pi-hole, which is not fully set up but is managing the DNS for my routed devices quite well. It felt great to spend a lot of time troubleshooting and hardening the network and seeing my ads blocked in real time. I was cheesing so hard when I went to the Home Depot home page and those bastards couldn't send me their bullshit ads lmao. 

Went to Best Buy on the 22nd to get Ashlee a birthday gift. I got her a Wacom Intuos drawing pad, which is super cool and blew me away for the price of $40. Bought it from a british dude working in best buy who educated me a lot about Garmin smart watches in just a few minutes. Ashlee seemed excited to try out the pad when we got it but was discouraged by the amount of time she spent creating logins and accounts to use to software licenses proviced by the product. I installed some free apps like Krita and MyPaint on linux but she hasn't made time to check them out yet which makes me slightly sad but it's okay. I really liked drawing on the device and felt invited to be creative when usually I feel repulsed from expression.

We cooked all of thanksgiving day and made a whole chicken, quinoa, potatoes, brussels, pecan bars, and some other stuff too. We drank a lot that day, even more the next day, and even continued on a bit for a third and final night - highly unusual for us. The holiday and ashlees birthday were both enjoyable, which feels pretty hit or miss typically. 

Yesterday and today we managed to submit my application for health insurance, which was extremely stressful and traumatic for me to complete. Freezing and panicking multiple times while fighting with the buggy UI and seemingly accomplishing nothing over several attempts. 

Worked up the initiative to caulk the windows and seal up the sun room, which I'd been dreading for literally months. There was great irony when I finally did it and found it enjoyable lol. 

11/27

Woke up and swept the floor almost immediately. Milled around a bit in the morning and was quick to begin work on the computer. I got an email about my health insurance around 9am and felt intense panic, but apparently it is active. I tried to verify this with my therapist but on his end it was not confirmed. Felt stressed about this but tried to move on from it. Found a salad in the fridge that was totally sealed but uneated by ashlee, which made me really upset very quickly. I slam dunked it into the trash but missed and blasted it all over the kitchen.

After ashlee went to work I beat and then committed to a few hours of study at the computer. Learned about Large Language Models (LLM) and went through many codecademy modules on PowerShell. After gaining that experience I decided to try out codewars and although I really struggled to even create a function for hello world, eventually I got through several modules and felt a great sense of reward after solving some of the problems. 

Overall I am really loving learning about technology and feeling a lot more confident now that I have actually completed a few projects that have been shelved and inactive for years. I feel like I finally got the application experience from this after gaining the social experience from talking to EJ the last two months. I never thought I would be making my own server and doing CLI installs and remotely accessing my devices over a VPN. It feels really rewarding and I actually feel smart. Excited to continue on with other projects like open source home automation and having VMs I can access when needed. 