The UDP protocol reveals that the website yummyrecipesforme.com is unreachable after resolving the hostname on the DNS server. This is based on the results of the network analysis which shows that the ICMP echo reply returned an error message. Attempts to reach the site returned the status "udp port 53 unreachable length xxx". The port noted in the error message is used for Domain Name Resolution vis DNS. The most likely issue is that the port is being overtaxed by network traffic.

The incident occurred at 13:24:32 and the IT team became aware of this problem when customers of the clients were not able to access the website yummyrecipesforme.com. The IT team used network analysis tools like tcpdump to assess the status of the site. The team discovered the error message "destination port unreachable" and recognized that the site was confirmed unreachable via ICMP requests. The scan showed that the target IP 203.0.113.2 was unreachable on DNS port 53. This is likely due to high network traffic on the port or a firewall blocking all incoming connections.

I THOUGHT THE SITE WAS NOT RESPONDING BUT IT WAS ACTUALLY THE DNS SERVER ITSELF BASED ON THE EXEMPLAR (ANSER KEY) GIVEN AT THE END OF THE EXERCISE. WE COULD THEN TRY TO DETERMINE IF THE DNS SERVER IS DOWN. IF IT IS UP, WE CAN DRAW CONCLUSIONS THAT THE WEBSITE FIREWALL IS BLOCKING ALL INBOUND REQUESTS. TO REMEDY THIS SITUATION YOU COULD DETERMINE IF THE DNS SERVER IS VICTIM OF A DOS ATTACK OR RECONFIGURE THE FIREWALL TO BE OPEN ON PORT 53.